My soultion uses two recursive function to fill the pyramid. One cycles through each row and calls the other to fill the columns in that row. I started out trying to dynamically allocate the size of the matrix, but realized I could just make in the max size and initialize all the values to 0, since 0 is ignored when printing. I then defined MAX as 100, the largest n value permitted. I looked up how to initalize an array with 0s in c. Then, 

The first recursive funtion (genPyramid) cycles through each row up to n. This function takes a pointer to the 2d matrix, the value of n, and the current row (initally called with 0). I also figured out here that arrays in functions are automaticaly taken as pointers. This means the original array will be modified, so this function has a void type. I initally tried filling in each column here, but decided I could make another function with the same form to fill each column based on the current row. One the columns in the row are filled, the function is called again with the row value incremented. There is an if statement at the beginning of each loop to check if the row has reached n. Row n is not filled since arrayss are indexed at 0.

The second recrsive funtion (genRow) is the same as the first but with an added input for the current cloumn (initially called with 0). This function fills each column in a given row. The vlue for the row and column are set to the column index + 1 (indexed at 0). For example, column 0 is set to 1. the function then calls itself with the same row but an incremented column. There is an if statement at the beginning to break once the current column is greater than the current row, since they should have the same size. All remaining columns in the row are left as 0, which will not be printed. The function will then end, and genPyramid will start again with the next row.

Finally, once row is eqial to n, genPyramid will break. printPyramid is called, which has a nested for loop to go through each row then each column in that row. In the column loop (j), each nonzero value is printed with a space. Once each column in a row has been printed, the j loop ends, a newline is printed, and the row loop (i) increments. Both loops only go to n since every value after that should be 0.